update README.md (#1)
ryanbuhl-lab49/python_pa11y_runner: README.md

Pa11y Runner

> ===

Reviewer: I did not know about this Markdown feature. Cool.

> `pa11y_runner` is a simple wrapper for the [pa11y](https://pa11y.org/) CLI tool for runnign scans against local copies of websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pa11y_runner` is a simple wrapper for the [pa11y](https://pa11y.org/) CLI tool for running scans against local copies of websites.
```

Author: Fixed

> `pa11y_runner` is a simple wrapper for the [pa11y](https://pa11y.org/) CLI tool for runnign scans against local copies of websites.

Reviewer: I think it might be nice to clarify what "local copies" means here. Does it mean running this against a web application running on your local machine?

Author: Updated

> Currently CSV reports are generated for WCAG2A and WCAG2AA standards using both axe and htmlcs runners.

Reviewer: Would be good to add links to these tools as well.

Author: Done

Pa11y Runner
===

> `pa11y_runner` is a simple wrapper for the [pa11y](https://pa11y.org/) CLI tool for running scans against html source files from websites dowloaded using the browser's "Save as" menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pa11y_runner` is a simple wrapper for the [pa11y](https://pa11y.org/) CLI tool for running scans against HTML source files from websites downloaded using the browsers "Save as" menu.
```

Reviewer: Is there a tool that exists to download websites? Is the browsers "save as" the best way to do this?

Author: In this case, I believe the use of `browser's` is correct, since it's possessive rather than plural.  

We used the browser because for this project, the website only works with older versions of IE.  All other browsers are not supported.  Even Legacy Edge doesn't work.  That's why we need to save the webpage source rather than just scanning the page directly.  I don't know if there is an IE library or similar that would work with Python, but if so, as soon as that's used, this application is no longer cross platform.

- npm 6.14.8

## Installation
1. clone the repo using:  
`git clone git@github.com:ryanbuhl-lab49/python_pa11y_runner.git`
2. change into the `python_pa11y_runner` directory  
`cd python_pa11y_runner`  
3. create a virtual environment:  
`python -m venv .pa11y-runner-venv`
4. activate the virtual environemnt
`. .pa11y-runner-venv/bin/activate` on *nix platforms or  
`.pa11y-runner-venv\Scripts\activate` on Windows platforms
5. install the dependencies with `pip` using:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

> ## Usage

Reviewer: It could be cool to include a little recording of the output using this tool: https://asciinema.org/

Author: I've tried installing asciinema on my mac, but I'm not able to.  Homebrew complains during the install that Python 3.8 can't be installed as a binary and has to be built from source, but I'm not sure why as I already have Python 3.8 installed on my machine.  When I run the command that is suggested (`xcode-select --install`), that fails because the software "is not currently available from the Software Update server."

Reviewer: Hmm OK, maybe we can come back to this later then.
